FLERS name, street address, city or town, province or state, ZIP or foreign postal code, and telephone number
REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
9500 GILMAN DR, DEPT 0026
LA JOLLA, CA 92093

858-246-5900  Call Center 888-220-2540

FLER'S Federal identification no.    STUDENT'S taxpayer identification no.
956006144                         ****-**-2234

STUDENT'S name, street address, city or town, province or state, country, and ZIP or foreign postal code
JIAN-PENG LI
7045 Champery Drive
Apt. 122
San Diego, CA 92122

Service Provider/Account Number (optional)
A117152668

     Form 1098-T
(Keep for your records.)                     Department of the Treasury - Internal Revenue Service
OMB No. 1545-1574

1  Payments received for qualified tuition and related expenses          16044.31
2
3  Adjustments made for a prior year
4  Scholarships or grants                                         18092.00
5
6  Adjustments to Scholarships or grants for a prior year
7  Check this box if the amount in box 1 includes amounts for an academic period beginning January - March 2024
   x
8  Check if at least-half time student                x     Check if a graduate student

                                Copy B
For Students
This is important tax information and is being furnished to the Internal Revenue Service.

WHAT IS IRS FORM 1098-T?
IRS Form 1098-T: A college or university that received qualified tuition and related expenses on your behalf is required to file Form 1098-T, above, with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). A copy of Form 1098-T must be furnished to you. The information being reported to the IRS verifies your enrollment with regard to certain eligibility criteria for the American Opportunity Tax Credit, the Lifetime Learning Tax Credit. However, the information information by itself does not establish eligibility for the credit.

Box 1.    Indicates the total payments received for qualified tuition and related expenses less any related reimbursements or refunds. 
Box 2.    Box 2 is no longer used and will be blank. 
Box 3.    Box 3 is no longer used and will be blank. 
Box 4.    Indicates any adjustment made for a prior year of qualified expenses that were reported on a prior year Form 1098-T. This amount may reduce any allowable education credit you may claim for the prior tax year. See Form 8863 or Pub. 970 for more information.
Box 5.    Indicates the total of scholarships or grants administered and processed by the eligible educational institution. The amount of scholarship or grants for the calendar year (including those not reported by the institution) may reduce the amount of any education credit you may claim for the year. See Form 8863 for how to report these amounts.
Box 6.    Indicates an adjustment for school scholarships or grants for a prior year.
Box 7.    If this box is checked, the amount in box 1 includes amounts for an academic period beginning January-March 2024. See Pub. 970 for how to report these amounts.
Box 8.    Indicates whether your school considers you to have carried at least half-time workload for each of the terms used (you were enrolled at least half-time for at least one academic term during 2023, provided you meet the requirements for the American Opportunity Credit. You do not have to meet the workload requirement to qualify for the Lifetime Learning Credit.
Box 9.    Indicates whether your school considers you to have been enrolled in a program leading to a degree, graduate-level certificate, or other recognized graduate-level educational credential during tax year 2023. If you were enrolled in an eligible program, you are not eligible for the American Opportunity Credit, but you may qualify for the Lifetime Learning Credit.

BACKGROUND INFORMATION
The Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997 (TRA97) established two education tax credits: the Hope Tax Credit (currently modified as the American Opportunity Credit by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009) for students who are enrolled in one of the first four years of postsecondary education and are carrying at least a half-time workload while pursuing an undergraduate degree, certificate, or other recognized credential; and the Lifetime Learning Tax Credit for students who take one or more classes from a college or university to pursue an undergraduate or graduate degree, certificate, or other recognized credential, or to acquire or improve job skills.
To claim the American Opportunity (Hope) or Lifetime Learning Tax Credit, use IRS Form 8863, Education Credits. If you are claimed as a dependent by another person (e.g., your parent(s)), you cannot claim the American Opportunity Tax Credit, Lifetime Learning Tax Credit. However, the person claiming you may be entitled to the credit on your behalf. For more information see IRS Publication 970: Tax Benefits for Higher Education and IRS Notice 97-60: Transition Relief for Certain Education Tax Incentives. Those documents and IRS Form 8863 is available at www.irs.gov or by calling the IRS at 1-800-829-1040. For additional information and instructions, contact your college or university's office by using www.sta1098.com.